well today I'm going to talk about
colony for the off complete bike if you
look to the blog of magazines you'll
know that we're doing colony for the UK
now this is the highest end complete
basically the route to model the
endeavor which is 450 and the video from
Tuesday 99 effectively it's all colony
parts everything the common mates put
together in that inning and the superb
set up we've got the audio for a 21-inch
as a courtier way just about four and a
half pounds so everything that you're
going to need it swell to see stay great
mounted brakes mid bottom bracket
integrated headset of course and it's
got Gerald taps on the friend if you
want to run
want to buy beacon easily out those
later as part of the bike it's got ryan
coogler colony official forks which are
lightweight lifetime warranty by the way
on the frame and the i believe same
thing with the with the bars you've got
an eight-inch bloody of handlebar of
this kind of metallic black court for
all matches you know really nice wheels
with the people through people up front
and back their jaunty you have to
achieve that people what 19 drivers
right I'm drive obviously 25 to Google
over official sprocket too much over
that kmc kmc chain the lake to super be
red chrome rim on the back black one on
the front it's the new style bold front
truck as well i'm super eagles i'll be
the park on the other side you've got a
pivotal seat slim walk with the pickled
seatpost mid bottom bracket as I've
mentioned obviously everything sealed on
it you've got primo tires from somebody
monster on the back dear monster are the
front ryan coogler official stem with a
lightweight our mini mcse machine
conquer bar ends with the people of
rhombus grips one of the most impressive
part of a little bike is the break it's
got the cnc machine lever with a cnc
machined daikon well box you break up on
the back Lily okay before on the best
activating breaks up fell to me in a
long time so there you go price on this
is 899 waiting just over 21 pounds i
just added took quick on the calculator
before dying this and he comes to well
over 1,200 pounds
if you looking for a complete bike let's
got out 21 inch frame super light and
usually to get it out the box and ride
in this is definitely worth considering
there you go